README
================

About
-----
I like seeing statistics. While working on a group project that required
we use SVN, I decided that I wanted to see the statistics that the TA and
Professor would be looking at when they were grading the project. So I found
a tool (StatSVN) that would generate some HTML pages with statistics about
the repository. I set up a script that would run this tool, and put it in
a place that was accessible to the Web. When our team switched to Git, I
found another tool that would do this HTML generation. The problem was, the
website looked like it was made in the mid-90s. I figured I could do better.
So I started writing a tool that would parse the output of Git log (with a
certain --pretty-print format), and generate some nice looking pages, with
interactive graphs for the statistics.

Usage
-----
The Java tool I wrote expects a file that can be generated by running

	> git log --pretty=format:'{\"commit\":\"%H\",\"authorName\":\"%an\",\"authorEmail\":\"%ae\",\"date\":\"%cd\",\"message\":\"%s\"}'

To make this simpler for myself, I set up a Git alias for this command, so I can
now run

	> git log-json > output.txt
	
Then I run the Java application I created (for now, you'll just have to export
the Eclipse project to a Runnable Jar).

	> java -jar gitlog.jar output.txt [--outPath="pathToOutputHtmlFilesTo"][--projectName="Name To Display"]

This will generate the HTML pages for the repository, and place them in the directory
specified in the outPath parameter (the current directory if this parameter isn't specified).

Future Plans
------------

*	Automate the generating of the log file
	*	Run the git log --pretty=format:.... command from the Java code
	*	This means the user would give a path to the repository they want to use
*	Add more graphs
	*	Lines of code
*	Clean up some of the current code generation
*	Handle large repos better
	*	Handle the case where there are over 10 or so committers. The graphs get
	messy if there are more than about 10 elements